Use Case 1: User Story 9
	Goal: To implement automated weather monitoring systems with alerts

	Primary Actor: Technician
	Secondary Actor: Scientists
	Precondition: System must be activated by the technician
	Trigger: The weather/temperature exceeds the limits set by the system
	
	Flow of Events: 
	1. The technician activates the weather system
	2. The temperature or weather symptoms triggers the system
	3. The system automatically alters the cooling/heating in the base to ad	apt to the weather
	4. Alerts are sent first to the technician, then to the rest of the memb	ers on the base for upcoming weather warning.
	5. Depending on the severity, the technicians will undertake necessary a	ction.
	
	Extensions:
`	2A-There is a false alarm triggered.
	The technician will go and deactivate the alerts
	3A-The system fails to modify the cooling/heating to accomodate for the 	weather.
	The technician will be called to manually change it.
	The technician will also fix the issue which caused it to not change the 	heating/cooling
	
Use Case 2: User Story 7
	Goal: To have self-updating storage software that sends alerts to techni	cians

	Primary actor: Scientists
	Secondary actors: Database, Technicians
	Precondition: The self-updating software is implemented by the technicia	ns
	Trigger: The system is turned on

	Flow of events:
	1.The storage system is turned on by a member on base
	2.The system automatically checks for any updates 
	3.The system will then initiate the update
	4.The system then reboots and runs as normal
	
	Extensions
	2A- There is no updates for the system to install
	The system will then continue running as per usual
	3A-The system has trouble installing the update
	The technician will be sent an alert to investigate and manually go thro	ugh with the update.
	3B-The system runs out of power or gets unplugged
	The technician will again be sent alerts to investigate the alert.

Use Case 3: User Story 4
	Goal:To backup the data collected every 3 hours
	Primary Actor:The scientists
	Secondary Actors:Database, other members on base
	Precondition: The database is constantly connected to an online cloud		which holds the backup data.
	Trigger: The storage devices are connected to power.

	Flow of events: 
	1: The data is collected by the scientists
	2: The data is logged on to the system
	3: The storage devices backup the data collected, to the database
	4: The database is connected to an online cloud which holds all the data	5: The system notifies the user that the data has been backed-up
	
	Extensions:
	2A: The data logged on is incorrect
	The scientists can overwrite the data file with the new correct data
	2B: No new data is logged on
	The system will still backup the previous data again, even though there		is no new data added
	3A: The system fails to backup the data
	The scientists will manually backup the data and inform the technician 		to investigate the issue
	
	

